Pianica GET! A Stunning Rendition of Oh Susannah!
Published on January 17, 2008.
Here’s a post that, for some reason, I kept in my queued posts and never published.
Until now!!! I think I did this some time during the Summer.
As you can see, it takes place before I moved to Ann Arbor!
And here we go:
I got a Pianica!
If you’re wondering what a pianica is, it’s like a melodica, except when Yamaha makes it they call it a pianica.
More specifically, it’s sort of like this cross between an accordion and a harmonica, where you just get a keyboard and you need to blow into it to get the reeds moving.
It’s “famous” for being in that manga, Nodame Cantabile, which I totally like, which is mostly why I bought it.
I practiced a bit today, but I really suck at keyboard.
I never really bothered learning how to play, but I do read music, so that’s how I was able to BS my way through Oh Susannah:
Not very good, but this take was funny because I put a seven chord at the end.
I actually like Oh Susannah a lot.
The words make no sense.
The reason I didn’t play any left hand at the end is because I found some free sheet music online, but they only showed the first page! GRRRR.
I think I’ll keep practicing and become the Pianica champion of the world!
Or play music on the street for money.
Either way it should be interesting.